30 second pitch about the app.
Slide with Kid.

    Smart cities should allow us to find NEW PLACES, to meet strangers who may become NEW FRIENDS, and to engage in discussions with diverse others so we may form NEW OPINIONS.

    Between google's PERSONALISED search and the algorithmic decisions Facebook makes in displaying news from our friends, our online experience is an increasingly ISOLATED one.

    Filter bubbles are COMFORTABLE, comforting and convenient, they give us control and insulate us from surprise. They're CARS rather than public transit or busy sidewalks.

    Our product is an online app, which puts people in touch with others they might not normally meet, and to do things they might not normally do. Taps into a sharing economy etc.


Mostly about the first three.
What the problem is and how itfixes the problem. Stakeholders it touches. Touchpoint the problem impacs. Cost of the problem. Try to find a problem cost eg. time if a socialogical impact. Then understand problem cost so not sure if worth investing in.

Need to know ROI on problem cost for 2 so good idea or idea, looking for validated. Do you need to do a pOC, a prototype, assumptions and risks. Pilot after that?

May not have had a commercial model.
Cost
Steps to implement.
License or other.

Adoption - why might stakeholders not adopt.

Steps from where you're at to where work.
Called cityhack so what is impact for city, how benefit.

selling the sizzle not the steak ie the WHY. Not tech detail.

# 5 after BrisKnow 
differentiators
the hub
study buddy
dugong


1.	Feasibility - How possible is it for this to be done? Is it realistic? Is it something that people would see value in?

"Everyone here has the same idea - Connecting people who wouldn't normally"
This Framework will find an application, but it needs to ENTICE a user-base with the right set of functional elements

Our solution is different 
peer to peer - not defining outcomes for serendipity, happinstance offortuitous events we are trying to enable through our app.

"First they ignore you. Then they ridicule you. And then they attack you and want to burn you. And then they build monuments to you."
Nicholas Klein, 1914

Validating - want to do this because some peoople don't gt it andneedto see it.

2.	Viability - The ability of the proposal to maintain itself, recover its costs and potentially either make a profit or a social impact.

Enable the population to have serendipity, without making decisions on how it will be used
Easy to tailor

brisbane.serendipity.com
sydney.serendipity.com

Location specific marketing

#serendipity with geotagged can be pulled by our infrastructure and popped straight into our app
Profitibility: get a bigger dot on the radar.




3.	Desirability
How popular would it be for its target audience? Is it scaleable?

"We have No Target Audience"
4CHAN & Reddit are largely self-monitored. Sites generate bad will when they step on the self-organising nature of their memebers
Peer to Peer systems are the future, self-oranising tools done right form the basis of many of the ideas here this weekend
It is not for the developers to decide how a system is going to be used, we need to put it out there, fail, fail, fail and then catch fire.

Zoom in and out






4.	Polish, Design & Execution, Innovation & Creativity
How well did you present your idea? How well did you execute your idea? How creative is your idea? How much is it outside the square of what’s already been created? Is it original?

<slides>
https://codeanywhere.fragspawn.com/cityhack16/

A unique interface.



5.	Relevance to Challenge
How well does the idea fit into one of the 5 categories or 3 problems presented for CityHack16?



Category 1 - the way we experience the city through our social interactions
Smart in the suburbs enabling people to overcome isolation - to live work and play together in a more inclusive and fulfilling way.
